docs/_success_stories/the-digital-slide-archive-and-tcga.md, before:

---
layout: page
title:  "The Digital Slide Archive and TCGA"
description: "The Cancer Digital Slide Archive is a website that hosts whole-slide images of pathologic specimens associated with the TCGA studies ..."
hero_image: assets/img/success-stories/story-image-1.png
---

<div class="story-content is-clearfix" markdown="1">

![](../../assets/img/success-stories/story-image-1.png){:width="480px" height="auto" .box.nested.is-right}

## The Story

The Cancer Digital Slide Archive is a website that hosts whole-slide images of pathologic specimens associated with the TCGA studies. At over 10,000 images and 20 Terabytes, the CDSA has enabled a number of the TCGA Analysis Working Group Studies, as well as other investigator-driven studies that utilize the digital pathology images (see references).

The Digital Slide Archive project builds on the success of our experience with the Cancer Digital Slide Archive, creating a software platform that allows users to create their own digital pathology servers to support data management and hosting for their own investigations.

[View Demo Site](https://cancer.digitalslidearchive.org/){: .button.is-primary.is-medium}

</div>

---

<div class="story-references" markdown="1">

### References

Abeshouse, Adam, Clement Adebamowo, Sally N. Adebamowo, Rehan Akbani, Teniola Akeredolu, Adrian Ally, Matthew L. Anderson, et al. “Comprehensive and Integrated Genomic Characterization of Adult Soft Tissue Sarcomas.” Cell 171, no. 4 (November 2017): 950–965.e28. [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2017.10.014](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2017.10.014)

PMID: [29100075](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=29100075)

---

Gutman, David A., Mohammed Khalilia, Sanghoon Lee, Michael Nalisnik, Zach Mullen, Jonathan Beezley, Deepak R. Chittajallu, David Manthey, and Lee A.D. Cooper. “The Digital Slide Archive: A Software Platform for Management, Integration, and Analysis of Histology for Cancer Research.” Cancer Research 77, no. 21 (October 31, 2017): e75–78. [https://doi.org/10.1158/0008-5472.can-17-0629](https://doi.org/10.1158/0008-5472.can-17-0629)

PMID: [29092945](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=29092945)

---

Gutman, David A, Jake Cobb, Dhananjaya Somanna, Yuna Park, Fusheng Wang, Tahsin Kurc, Joel H Saltz, Daniel J Brat, Lee A D Cooper, and Jun Kong. “Cancer Digital Slide Archive: An Informatics Resource to Support Integrated in Silico Analysis of TCGA Pathology Data.” Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 20, no. 6 (November 2013): 1091–98. [https://doi.org/10.1136/amiajnl-2012-001469](https://doi.org/10.1136/amiajnl-2012-001469)

PMID: [23893318](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=23893318)

</div>

Commit message:

digital slide archive brand replace

docs/_success_stories/the-digital-slide-archive-and-tcga.md, after:

---
layout: page
title:  "The PathoGenerativeAI and TCGA"
description: "The Cancer PathoGenerativeAI is a website that hosts whole-slide images of pathologic specimens associated with the TCGA studies ..."
hero_image: assets/img/success-stories/story-image-1.png
---

<div class="story-content is-clearfix" markdown="1">

![](../../assets/img/success-stories/story-image-1.png){:width="480px" height="auto" .box.nested.is-right}

## The Story

The Cancer PathoGenerativeAI is a website that hosts whole-slide images of pathologic specimens associated with the TCGA studies. At over 10,000 images and 20 Terabytes, the CDSA has enabled a number of the TCGA Analysis Working Group Studies, as well as other investigator-driven studies that utilize the digital pathology images (see references).

The PathoGenerativeAI project builds on the success of our experience with the Cancer PathoGenerativeAI, creating a software platform that allows users to create their own digital pathology servers to support data management and hosting for their own investigations.

[View Demo Site](https://cancer.digitalslidearchive.org/){: .button.is-primary.is-medium}

</div>

---

<div class="story-references" markdown="1">

### References

Abeshouse, Adam, Clement Adebamowo, Sally N. Adebamowo, Rehan Akbani, Teniola Akeredolu, Adrian Ally, Matthew L. Anderson, et al. “Comprehensive and Integrated Genomic Characterization of Adult Soft Tissue Sarcomas.” Cell 171, no. 4 (November 2017): 950–965.e28. [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2017.10.014](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2017.10.014)

PMID: [29100075](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=29100075)

---

Gutman, David A., Mohammed Khalilia, Sanghoon Lee, Michael Nalisnik, Zach Mullen, Jonathan Beezley, Deepak R. Chittajallu, David Manthey, and Lee A.D. Cooper. “The PathoGenerativeAI: A Software Platform for Management, Integration, and Analysis of Histology for Cancer Research.” Cancer Research 77, no. 21 (October 31, 2017): e75–78. [https://doi.org/10.1158/0008-5472.can-17-0629](https://doi.org/10.1158/0008-5472.can-17-0629)

PMID: [29092945](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=29092945)

---

Gutman, David A, Jake Cobb, Dhananjaya Somanna, Yuna Park, Fusheng Wang, Tahsin Kurc, Joel H Saltz, Daniel J Brat, Lee A D Cooper, and Jun Kong. “Cancer PathoGenerativeAI: An Informatics Resource to Support Integrated in Silico Analysis of TCGA Pathology Data.” Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 20, no. 6 (November 2013): 1091–98. [https://doi.org/10.1136/amiajnl-2012-001469](https://doi.org/10.1136/amiajnl-2012-001469)

PMID: [23893318](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=23893318)

</div>
