devops/dsa/README.rst, before:

========================================
Digital Slide Archive via Docker Compose
========================================

This directory contains a complete docker-compose set up for the Digital Slide Archive.

Edit the docker-compose.yml file (or add a docker-compose override file) to add mount points for additional data or for exposing additional ports.

Prerequisites
-------------

Before using this, you need both Docker and docker-compose.  See the `official installation instructions <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install>`_.

The docker-compose file assumes certain file paths.  This has been tested on Ubuntu 20.04.  It will probably work on other Linux variants.

Get the Digital Slide Archive repository::

    git clone https://github.com/DigitalSlideArchive/digital_slide_archive

Start
-----

Change to the appropriate directory::

    cd digital_slide_archive/devops/dsa/

To get the most recent built docker images, do::

    docker-compose pull

If you don't pull the images, the main image will be built in preference to pulling.

To start the Digital Slide Archive::

    DSA_USER=$(id -u):$(id -g) docker-compose up

This uses your current user id so that database files, logs, assetstore files, and temporary files are owned by the current user.  If you omit setting ``DSA_USER``, files may be created owned by root.

The girder instance can now be accessed at http://localhost:8080. By default, it creates an ``admin`` user with a password of ``password``. Note that this example does not add any default tasks or sample files.  You can log in with the admin user and use the Slicer CLI Web plugin settings to add default tasks (e.g., ``dsarchive/histomicstk:latest``).

Stop
----

To stop the Digital Slide Archive::

    docker-compose down -v

The ``-v`` option removes unneeded temporary docker volumes.

Sample Data
-----------

Sample data can be added after performing ``docker-compose up`` by running::

    python utils/cli_test.py dsarchive/histomicstk:latest --test

This downloads the HistomicsTK analysis tools, some sample data, and runs nuclei detection on some of the sample data.  You need Python 3.6 or later available and may need to ``pip install girder-client`` before you can run this command.


Development
-----------

You can log into the running ``girder`` or ``worker`` containers by typing::

    docker-compose exec girder bash

There are two convenience scripts ``restart_girder.sh`` and ``rebuild_and_restart_girder.sh`` that can be run in the container.

You can develop source code by mounting the source directory into the container.  See the ``docker-compose.yml`` file for details.

If you need to log into the container as the Girder user, type::

    docker-compose exec --user $(id -u) girder bash

Technical Details
-----------------

The Digital Slider Archive is built in Girder and Girder Worker.  Here, these are coordinated using docker-compose.  There are five containers that are started:

- `Girder <https://girder.readthedocs.io/>`_.  Girder is an asset and user management system.  It handles permissions and serves data via http.

- `MongoDB <https://www.mongodb.com/>`_.  Girder stores settings and information about users and assets in a MongoDB database.

- `Girder Worker <https://girder-worker.readthedocs.io/>`_.  Girder Worker is a task runner based on `Celery <https://celery.readthedocs.io/>`_ that has specific features to get authenticated data from Girder.

- `RabbitMQ <https://www.rabbitmq.com/>`_.  Girder communicates to Girder Worker through a broker.  In this configuration it is RabbitMQ.  Girder Worker can be run on multiple computers communicating with a single broker to distribute processing.

- `Memcached <https://memcached.org/>`_.  Memcached is used to cache data for faster access.  This is used for large tiled images.

The Digital Slide Archive relies on several Girder plugins:

- `large_image <https://github.com/girder/large_image>`_.  This provides a standardized way to access a wide range of image formats.  Images can be handled as multi-resolution tiles.  large_image has numerous tile sources to handle different formats.

- `HistomicUI <https://github.com/DigitalSlideArchive/HistomicsUI>`_.  This provides a user interface to examine and annotate large images.

- `Slicer CLI Web <https://github.com/girder/slicer_cli_web>`_.  This can run processing tasks in Docker containers.  Tasks report their capabilities via the Slicer CLI standard, listing required and optional inputs and outputs.  These tasks can be selected and configured via Girder and HistomicsUI and then run in a distributed fashion via Girder Worker.

Slicer CLI Web runs tasks in Docker containers and is itself running in a Docker container (in Girder for determining options and Girder Worker to run the task).  In order to allow a process in a docker container to create another docker container, the paths the docker executable and communications sockets are mounted from the host to the docker container.

Permissions
-----------

By default, the girder container is run in Docker privileged mode.  This can be reduced to a small set of permissions (see the docker-compose.yml file for details), but these may vary depending on the host system.  If no extra permissions are granted, or if the docker daemon is started with --no-new-privileges, or if libfuse is not installed on the host system, the internal fuse mount will not be started.  This may prevent full functionality with non-filesystem assestores and with some multiple-file image formats.

Customizing
-----------

Since this uses standard docker-compose, you can customize the process by creating a ``docker-compose.override.yml`` file in the same directory (or a yaml file of any name and use appropriate ``docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f <my yaml file> <command>`` command).  Further, if you mount a provisioning yaml file into the docker image, you can customize settings, plugins, resources, and other options.

See the ``docker-compose.yml`` and ``provision.yaml`` files for details.

Example
~~~~~~~

To add some additional girder plugins and mount additional directories for assetstores, you can do something like this:

``docker-compose.override.yml``::

    ---
    version: '3'
    services:
      girder:
        environment:
          # Specify that we want to use the provisioning file
          DSA_PROVISION_YAML: ${DSA_PROVISION_YAML:-/opt/digital_slide_archive/devops/dsa/provision.yaml}
        volumes:
          # Mount the local provisioning file into the container
          - ./provision.local.yaml:/opt/digital_slide_archive/devops/dsa/provision.yaml
          # Also expose a local data mount into the container
          - /mnt/data:/mnt/data

``provision.local.yaml``::

    ---
    # Load some sample data
    samples: True
    # A list of additional pip modules to install
    pip:
      - girder-oauth
      - girder-ldap
    # rebuild the girder web client since we install some additional plugins
    rebuild-client: True
    # List slicer-cli-images to pull and load
    slicer-cli-image:
      - dsarchive/histomicstk:latest
      - girder/slicer_cli_web:small

Commit message:

digital slide archive brand replace

devops/dsa/README.rst, after:

========================================
PathoGenerativeAI via Docker Compose
========================================

This directory contains a complete docker-compose set up for the PathoGenerativeAI.

Edit the docker-compose.yml file (or add a docker-compose override file) to add mount points for additional data or for exposing additional ports.

Prerequisites
-------------

Before using this, you need both Docker and docker-compose.  See the `official installation instructions <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install>`_.

The docker-compose file assumes certain file paths.  This has been tested on Ubuntu 20.04.  It will probably work on other Linux variants.

Get the PathoGenerativeAI repository::

    git clone https://github.com/DigitalSlideArchive/digital_slide_archive

Start
-----

Change to the appropriate directory::

    cd digital_slide_archive/devops/dsa/

To get the most recent built docker images, do::

    docker-compose pull

If you don't pull the images, the main image will be built in preference to pulling.

To start the PathoGenerativeAI::

    DSA_USER=$(id -u):$(id -g) docker-compose up

This uses your current user id so that database files, logs, assetstore files, and temporary files are owned by the current user.  If you omit setting ``DSA_USER``, files may be created owned by root.

The girder instance can now be accessed at http://localhost:8080. By default, it creates an ``admin`` user with a password of ``password``. Note that this example does not add any default tasks or sample files.  You can log in with the admin user and use the Slicer CLI Web plugin settings to add default tasks (e.g., ``dsarchive/histomicstk:latest``).

Stop
----

To stop the PathoGenerativeAI::

    docker-compose down -v

The ``-v`` option removes unneeded temporary docker volumes.

Sample Data
-----------

Sample data can be added after performing ``docker-compose up`` by running::

    python utils/cli_test.py dsarchive/histomicstk:latest --test

This downloads the HistomicsTK analysis tools, some sample data, and runs nuclei detection on some of the sample data.  You need Python 3.6 or later available and may need to ``pip install girder-client`` before you can run this command.


Development
-----------

You can log into the running ``girder`` or ``worker`` containers by typing::

    docker-compose exec girder bash

There are two convenience scripts ``restart_girder.sh`` and ``rebuild_and_restart_girder.sh`` that can be run in the container.

You can develop source code by mounting the source directory into the container.  See the ``docker-compose.yml`` file for details.

If you need to log into the container as the Girder user, type::

    docker-compose exec --user $(id -u) girder bash

Technical Details
-----------------

The Digital Slider Archive is built in Girder and Girder Worker.  Here, these are coordinated using docker-compose.  There are five containers that are started:

- `Girder <https://girder.readthedocs.io/>`_.  Girder is an asset and user management system.  It handles permissions and serves data via http.

- `MongoDB <https://www.mongodb.com/>`_.  Girder stores settings and information about users and assets in a MongoDB database.

- `Girder Worker <https://girder-worker.readthedocs.io/>`_.  Girder Worker is a task runner based on `Celery <https://celery.readthedocs.io/>`_ that has specific features to get authenticated data from Girder.

- `RabbitMQ <https://www.rabbitmq.com/>`_.  Girder communicates to Girder Worker through a broker.  In this configuration it is RabbitMQ.  Girder Worker can be run on multiple computers communicating with a single broker to distribute processing.

- `Memcached <https://memcached.org/>`_.  Memcached is used to cache data for faster access.  This is used for large tiled images.

The PathoGenerativeAI relies on several Girder plugins:

- `large_image <https://github.com/girder/large_image>`_.  This provides a standardized way to access a wide range of image formats.  Images can be handled as multi-resolution tiles.  large_image has numerous tile sources to handle different formats.

- `HistomicUI <https://github.com/DigitalSlideArchive/HistomicsUI>`_.  This provides a user interface to examine and annotate large images.

- `Slicer CLI Web <https://github.com/girder/slicer_cli_web>`_.  This can run processing tasks in Docker containers.  Tasks report their capabilities via the Slicer CLI standard, listing required and optional inputs and outputs.  These tasks can be selected and configured via Girder and HistomicsUI and then run in a distributed fashion via Girder Worker.

Slicer CLI Web runs tasks in Docker containers and is itself running in a Docker container (in Girder for determining options and Girder Worker to run the task).  In order to allow a process in a docker container to create another docker container, the paths the docker executable and communications sockets are mounted from the host to the docker container.

Permissions
-----------

By default, the girder container is run in Docker privileged mode.  This can be reduced to a small set of permissions (see the docker-compose.yml file for details), but these may vary depending on the host system.  If no extra permissions are granted, or if the docker daemon is started with --no-new-privileges, or if libfuse is not installed on the host system, the internal fuse mount will not be started.  This may prevent full functionality with non-filesystem assestores and with some multiple-file image formats.

Customizing
-----------

Since this uses standard docker-compose, you can customize the process by creating a ``docker-compose.override.yml`` file in the same directory (or a yaml file of any name and use appropriate ``docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f <my yaml file> <command>`` command).  Further, if you mount a provisioning yaml file into the docker image, you can customize settings, plugins, resources, and other options.

See the ``docker-compose.yml`` and ``provision.yaml`` files for details.

Example
~~~~~~~

To add some additional girder plugins and mount additional directories for assetstores, you can do something like this:

``docker-compose.override.yml``::

    ---
    version: '3'
    services:
      girder:
        environment:
          # Specify that we want to use the provisioning file
          DSA_PROVISION_YAML: ${DSA_PROVISION_YAML:-/opt/digital_slide_archive/devops/dsa/provision.yaml}
        volumes:
          # Mount the local provisioning file into the container
          - ./provision.local.yaml:/opt/digital_slide_archive/devops/dsa/provision.yaml
          # Also expose a local data mount into the container
          - /mnt/data:/mnt/data

``provision.local.yaml``::

    ---
    # Load some sample data
    samples: True
    # A list of additional pip modules to install
    pip:
      - girder-oauth
      - girder-ldap
    # rebuild the girder web client since we install some additional plugins
    rebuild-client: True
    # List slicer-cli-images to pull and load
    slicer-cli-image:
      - dsarchive/histomicstk:latest
      - girder/slicer_cli_web:small
