devops/minimal/README.rst, before:

=============================
Minimal Digital Slide Archive
=============================

This directory contains a docker-compose set up for a minimal installation of the Digital Slide Archive without the ability to run algorithms or other worker-based jobs.

Prerequsities:
--------------

Before using this, you need both Docker and docker-compose.  See the `official installation instructions <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install>`_.

The docker-compose file assumes certain file paths.  This has been tested on Ubuntu 18.04.  It will probably work on other Linux variants.

Get the Digital Slide Archive repository::

    git clone https://github.com/DigitalSlideArchive/digital_slide_archive

Start
-----

To start the minimal Digital Slide Archive::

    docker-compose up

Stop
----

To stop the Digital Slide Archive::

    docker-compose down

Notes
-----

All data is stored in Docker volumes.

If you use a non-filesystem assetstore, you'll need to expand from this minimal example to have full functionality, such as using ``girder mount`` to allow some images to be viewed.

Commit message:

digital slide archive brand replace

devops/minimal/README.rst, after:

=============================
Minimal PathoGenerativeAI
=============================

This directory contains a docker-compose set up for a minimal installation of the PathoGenerativeAI without the ability to run algorithms or other worker-based jobs.

Prerequsities:
--------------

Before using this, you need both Docker and docker-compose.  See the `official installation instructions <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install>`_.

The docker-compose file assumes certain file paths.  This has been tested on Ubuntu 18.04.  It will probably work on other Linux variants.

Get the PathoGenerativeAI repository::

    git clone https://github.com/DigitalSlideArchive/digital_slide_archive

Start
-----

To start the minimal PathoGenerativeAI::

    docker-compose up

Stop
----

To stop the PathoGenerativeAI::

    docker-compose down

Notes
-----

All data is stored in Docker volumes.

If you use a non-filesystem assetstore, you'll need to expand from this minimal example to have full functionality, such as using ``girder mount`` to allow some images to be viewed.
